Dear Shareowners,
In fiscal year 2019, P&G met
or exceeded each of our core financial goals — organic sales growth, core earnings per share growth and adjusted free cash flow productivity — all while improving market share and generating leadership levels of shareholder value creation.
Organic sales grew 5%. This was above our going-in estimate and represents significant improvement, with sales by quarter improving sequentially from 4% to 4% to 5% to 7%.
Core earnings per share were $4.52, up 7% versus
last year and toward the high end of our target range. Foreign exchange was an 8% after-tax earnings headwind. On a constant currency basis, core earnings per share were up 15%. All-in GAAP earnings per share were down versus year ago, reflecting a one-time, non-cash accounting charge to reduce the carrying value of the Gillette Shave Care business.
Our free cash flow results were very strong. Adjusted free cash flow was $12.1 billion, with adjusted free cash flow productivity of 105% — well above our going-in target.
FISCAL YEAR 2019 ORGANIC SALES
FISCAL YEAR 2019
5%
Organic Sales
7%
Core EPS
105%
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity
Growth was broad-based in fiscal year 2019 across product categories, geographies and the key components of top-line growth — volume, price and mix.
Nine of our 10 global categories grew organic sales with Skin & Personal Care up mid-teens; Fabric Care, Home Care, Feminine Care and Personal Health Care all up high single digits; and Oral Care and Family Care up mid-single digits.
All six of our regions grew organic sales with all 15 of our top markets growing or holding sales. We continue to make progress in our largest markets. In the U.S., sales grew 4%, including 7% in the last quarter. This is after averaging about 1% over the past three fiscal years. In Greater China, we grew 10% with double-digit growth across our Fabric Care, Feminine Care, and Skin & Personal Care categories.
In addition, P&G’s global e-commerce organic sales grew 25% for the year, accounting for about 8% of our total sales.
This breadth of top-line growth across categories, countries and components provides confidence in our ability to grow at or above market growth rates going forward.
Growing in:
9/10
Global Categories
All 6
Geographic Regions

        ii • The Procter & Gamble Company
Our strong market share trends support this. Eight of 10 global categories held or grew value share and 33 of our top 50 country/category combinations held or grew share, up from 26 last fiscal year, 23 in fiscal 2017 and just 17 in fiscal 2016.
TOP 50 COUNTRY/CATEGORY COMBINATIONS GROWING OR HOLDING MARKET SHARE
 23 17
33 26
    FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19
We returned $12.5 billion of cash to shareowners through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. We announced a 4% increase in the dividend — the 63rd consecutive annual increase and the 129th consecutive year in which P&G has paid a dividend. P&G is one of only 10 U.S. companies to pay a dividend for more than 120 consecutive years, and only three U.S. companies have increased dividends more consecutive years than P&G.
RETURNING VALUE TO SHAREHOLDERS
     129 years
Of dividend payments
63 years
Of dividend increases
$135+ billion
Value returned to shareholders (past decade)*
*Through dividend payments and share repurchases/exchanges combined
 P&G’s 10-Category Portfolio
We’ve focused and strengthened P&G's portfolio in daily-use categories where product performance drives brand choice, and in categories where we have a number one or two share position — categories that have historically grown faster than the balance of the Company and have done so more profitably.
HEALTH CARE
Personal Health Care
   Oral Care

   FABRIC AND HOME CARE
The Procter & Gamble Company • iii
BABY AND FEMININE CARE
Baby Care
Feminine Care
FAMILY CARE AND P&G VENTURES
Family Care GROOMING
  Fabric Care
  Home Care
BEAUTY
    Hair Care
   Skin & Personal Care
Grooming

iv • The Procter & Gamble Company
The benefits of the portfolio choices we made a
few years ago are clearly paying out — focusing and strengthening our portfolio in daily-use categories where performance drives brand choice — in categories where we occupy a number one or two share position, which have historically grown faster than the balance of the Company and done so more profitably. Daily-use categories are important to our retail partners as they drive shopping trips and consumer loyalty is often higher. We’re selectively strengthening our portfolio with acquisitions designed to augment our current offerings. For example, we completed the acquisition of the Merck KGaA Consumer Health business, which significantly enhances our international presence in personal health care.
Altogether, it was a good year with much-improved organic sales and share growth, strong constant currency core earnings per share growth, and a continued, best-in-class track record of cash return
to shareowners. All of this was delivered while working to address several category-specific challenges and in a difficult external environment, characterized by volatile and challenging government policies, retail transformation, rising input and transportation costs, and highly capable competition.
We completed the acquisition of the Merck KGaA Consumer Health business, which significantly enhances our international presence in personal health care.
While we’re making good progress, we still have work to do to deliver sustained, strong results — balanced top- and bottom-line growth and value creation. We know we need to continue to raise the bar to keep our momentum going.
We are focused on winning with consumers. That’s job #1 — winning with consumers and shoppers through superiority, fueled by productivity, and delivered by an empowered, agile and accountable organization that is driving constructive disruption across the entire value chain in our industry.
Superiority to Win
with Consumers
Our strategy starts with noticeable superiority across all elements of our consumer proposition — products, packaging, brand communication, retail execution (in-store and online), and consumer and customer value.
This strategic choice is holistic. It recognizes that consumers don’t focus on one element of a brand
only. Consumers interact with the whole brand — the product, package, what we say and how they feel about the brand, how they experience it in the store or online, and whether it truly creates value versus the alternatives he or she has. When these elements are taken together, they drive category growth, prevent commoditization, and provide the basis to build sustainable competitive advantage. Notably, when we deliver superiority on four or more of the five vectors, we drive all business success metrics: sales, profit, value share, household penetration and category growth.
Category growth is an important point of emphasis. Category growth leads to sales growth that is typically more sustainable than simply taking business from a competitor, and it creates a winning proposition for our retail partners. Importantly, where we grow our categories we disproportionately and sustainably build share.
Take P&G U.S. Fabric Care: over the last 40 years, we’ve grown sales by five times. That’s 500% in a market that has grown 400%. Category growth has been the main driver of P&G’s growth, which we’ve achieved through industry-leading superiority. As a result, our share of the U.S. laundry category has grown five points.

 There are many examples of P&G brands driving category growth in key markets, including Tide/Ariel PODS, Gain Flings, Downy/Lenor Scent Beads, Cascade/ Fairy Platinum ActionPacs, Bounty paper towels, SK-II skin care, Always Radiant, Always Discreet, Pampers Pure Protection, Oral-B GENIUS, Gillette SkinGuard
and Vicks VapoCOOL, among others. The point is, superiority works, and it drives category growth.
One element of superiority we’ve put a lot of work against is retail execution, and it’s paying off. P&G is ranked #1 globally in the 2018 Advantage Report, an independent retailer assessment of manufacturers. While we appreciate this recognition, what really matters is retailers’ improved view of P&G as a partner in joint value creation, which leads to stronger distribution, share of shelf, display and feature.
We will continue to increase the quality of our execution and to extend our margin of advantage across all elements of superiority, which requires ongoing investment.
 T T h h e e P Pr ro o c c t te e r r & & G G a a m m b b l l e e C C o o m m p p a a n ny y • • v v
FIVE ELEMENTS OF SUPERIORITY
SUPERIOR PRODUCTS
Products so good, consumers recognize the difference.
SUPERIOR PACKAGING
Packaging that attracts consumers, conveys brand equity, helps consumers select the best product for their needs, and delights consumers during use.
SUPERIOR BRAND COMMUNICATION
Product and packaging benefits communicated with exceptional advertising that makes you think, talk, laugh, cry, smile,
act and buy — and that drives category and brand growth.
SUPERIOR RETAIL EXECUTION
In-store: with the right store coverage, product forms, sizes, price points, shelving and merchandising. Online: with the right content, assortment, ratings, reviews, search and subscription offerings.
SUPERIOR CONSUMER & CUSTOMER VALUE
For consumers: all these elements presented in a clear and shoppable way at
a compelling price. For customers: margin, penny profit, trip generation, basket size, and category growth.

 v v i i • • T T h h e e P P r ro o c c t te e r r & & G G a a m m b b l l e e C C o o m m p p a a n ny y
Noticeable Superiority to Win with Consumers
Together, these five elements drive category growth, prevent commoditization and provide the basis to build sustainable competitive advantage.
See more examples at
www.pg.com/annualreport2019
SUPERIOR PACKAGING
Olay CELLSCIENCE
Olay CELLSCIENCE’s super-peptide formula and prestige-inspired packaging was specifically designed for China’s discerning beauty consumers, who shop in one of the world’s most contested, premium skin care markets. This consumer-led innovation helped Olay deliver two consecutive years of strong double-digit organic sales growth in China.
SUPERIOR BRAND COMMUNICATION
SK-II
SK-II has grown organic sales double
digits for four consecutive years by forging human connections with consumers through disruptive brand building and bold storytelling like the #BareSkinProject. It celebrates the beauty of bare skin —  powered by SK-II and PITERA — to combat the belief of nearly half of women
who say they must wear makeup to
feel confident.
         SUPERIOR PRODUCTS
Ariel and Tide PODS
Our latest upgrade to Ariel and Tide PODS delivers excellent results in a quick and cold wash — both a performance and a sustainability benefit. Globally, we’re growing organic sales of liquid laundry packets double digits, leading growth of the overall laundry detergent category.
       Bounty
Bounty — the “Quicker Picker Upper” —  has consistently increased its margin of superiority, with proprietary technology that delivers strength and is 2x more absorbent vs. the leading ordinary brand. The category grew mid-single digits in fiscal 2019 with Bounty’s North America organic sales growing mid- single digits and share growing over half a point.

    Scent Beads
Our scent beads packaging shows the product and communicates the scent benefit with a distinctive and appealing “squeeze scent-release.” Scent beads are driving category growth of fabric enhancers, with P&G’s scent beads growing strong double digits since launch over
five years ago.
SUPERIOR RETAIL EXECUTION
Advantage Report
Customers recognize our efforts in retail execution. For the fourth year
in a row, P&G has been ranked the #1 manufacturer globally. We’ve reached #1 in each key performance area in this independent retailer assessment: strategic alignment, people, category development, consumer marketing, trade & shopper marketing, supply chain and customer service.
Manufacturer Globally
Ranked by retailers across 7 key performance areas
SUPERIOR CONSUMER & CUSTOMER VALUE
Crest
From Crest Complete with a great Crest clean, to super-premium Crest Gum Detoxify, our toothpastes provide consumers with superior value. In fiscal 2019, P&G toothpaste and the overall category grew mid- single digits globally, led by P&G super-premium paste.
Pantene
In Spain, Pantene is leveraging shelf sets that have been successful in Latin America, featuring hair treatments and conditioners in golden bottles to encourage a regimen. Where executed, category growth has nearly doubled, led by Pantene’s high single-digit organic sales growth in Spain in fiscal 2019.
T T h h e e P Pr ro o c c t te e r r & & G G a a m m b b l l e e C C o o m m p p a a n ny y • • v v i i i i
             Dawn
Our Dawn hand dishwashing brand is using messaging that responds directly to consumer insights. Brand communication explains how to use the product and highlights features and benefits that help get the job done, contributing to Dawn's U.S. organic sales growth in fiscal 2019 and one point of share growth.
Always Discreet
Always Discreet breaks the tradeoff between protection and comfort. Consumers see the value — from liners, pads and underwear to super-premium Boutique that looks and feels more like real underwear. Category penetration is up more than 50% since launch, and we’re creating retailer value via category growth.

 viii • The Procter & Gamble Company
 SUPPLY CHAIN TRANSFORMATION
We’re generating savings with
more cost-effective multi-category manufacturing sites in geographically strategic locations — like our state- of-the-art plant that opened in fiscal 2019 in West Virginia.
  MEDIA SAVINGS
We’re eliminating substantial waste in the media supply chain — savings we can take to the bottom line or reinvest to reach more people. Over the last five years, we delivered $1 billion of savings in agency fees and
ad production costs — and we see more savings potential in these areas.
Productivity to Fuel Investments
We constantly need to drive productivity to fuel investments in superiority and to drive balanced top- and bottom-line growth, including margin expansion. We’re now just past the midpoint of our second five-year productivity program and remain on track to deliver up to another $10 billion in savings.
Over the last few years, we made major investments to ensure our supply chain remains a competitive advantage. We’re creating a synchronized network based on real-time demand signals to serve the evolving needs of consumers and customers. Savings will be generated through areas such as more cost-effective multi-category manufacturing
sites in geographically strategic locations as well as automating and digitizing these sites to minimize cost and maximize flexibility.

 We’re eliminating substantial waste in the media supply chain, delivering $1 billion of savings in agency fees and ad production costs over the last five years. We see more savings potential in these areas, along with more efficiency and effectiveness in media delivery.
We’re driving cost and cash productivity with significant progress in all areas of working capital. Over the past five years, we’ve reduced accounts receivable days outstanding, cut inventory days on hand and increased accounts payable days outstanding, enabling us to fund capital spending needed to transform our global supply chain, while growing our dividend and maintaining an active share repurchase program.
Through our productivity efforts, P&G has maintained and built our status as a highly profitable company.
In fact, over the last 10 years P&G has generated more operating profit and cash than 98% of publicly
listed companies around the world, and only three companies have returned a higher percentage of cash to shareowners.
Constructive Disruption Across the Value Chain
Superiority and productivity are critical, but not sufficient to keep us ahead in a world with a rapidly changing retail landscape, quickly evolving consumer needs, a transforming media ecosystem, and revolutionary changes in technology.
To win in this environment, we must lead the constructive disruption of our industry across all areas of the value chain: innovation, brand building, supply, and digitization and data analytics.
We’re disrupting the way we innovate by accelerating the speed and quality of our learning through lean innovation, which is delivering significant benefits in time and cost, helping to reduce our learning cycles from months to days.
We’re pursuing external partnerships to monetize P&G innovation, creating revenue streams that can be reinvested back in game-changing technologies needed to create winning brands.
In brand building, we’re leading disruption by moving from wasteful mass marketing to mass one-to-one brand building fueled by data and technology.
We’re transforming our supply chain and the way we work by encoding market, human and supply chain behavior and strategies into algorithms using advanced capabilities and analytics.
We’re embracing digitization and data analytics to capture data and unique insights to solve business problems, and we’re embedding these skills in the businesses to help accelerate results.
The constructive disruption we’re leading in all areas of the value chain is critical to our future success in this dynamic world.
The Procter & Gamble Company • ix

 x x • • T T h h e e P Pr ro o c c t te e r r & & G G a a m m b b l l e e C C o o m m p p a a n ny y
Constructive Disruption
To win in today’s dynamic world, we must lead the constructive disruption of our industry across all areas of
the value chain: innovation, brand building, supply, and digitization
RECLAIM
MAKE
RECYCLE
COLLECT
      & data analytics.
 Brand Creation Innovation
Our startup studio P&G Ventures works with entrepreneurs to create brands in new business categories for P&G. A partnership with M13 Launchpad will use external start-up capabilities and funding to help accelerate growth of select P&G
Ventures brands.
Monetizing Technology
Making P&G innovations available to others can both increase societal value and create revenue streams that can be reinvested back into creating winning brands. We licensed to PureCycle Technologies a P&G technology that restores used polypropylene to “virgin-like” quality, helping to revolutionize an industry that reduces waste to landfill.
   INNOVATION
Lean Innovation
We’re accelerating learning speed and quality and delivering significant benefits in time and cost. We used lean innovation to bring Pampers Pure Protection diapers to market in half the time — it’s now a share leader in tracked channels in the U.S. naturals diaper and wipe segment.
         BRAND BUILDING
Reinventing Brand Building
We're reinventing brand building from wasteful mass marketing to mass one-to-one brand building fueled by data and technology, reinventing advertising from mass clutter to ads consumers look forward to, and reinventing agency partnerships to transform creativity and get our hands on the keyboard.

  The Procter & Gamble Company • xi
  Neighborhood Analytics
Data and analytics are helping
us optimize distribution, merchandising, shelf sets,
and targeted sampling and marketing — for a better consumer experience and category growth.
       DIGITIZATION & DATA ANALYTICS
Oral-B GENIUS X
Electric Toothbrush
We’re enabling a superior consumer experience personalized through data. Oral-B GENIUS X with Artificial Intelligence offers personalized feedback on the areas that require more attention when brushing, for better oral health via the Oral-B app.
        SUPPLY CHAIN
Supply Chain Transformation
We’re creating a synchronized network based on real-time demand signals to serve consumers and customers. In Europe multi-category distribution and manufacturing operations in optimum locations
are redefining customer order lead times. And our U.S. mixing centers put 80% of shipments within 24 hours of retailers.

xii • The Procter & Gamble Company
We are making organization structure and culture changes to better position us to win.
                      New structure
operating through six industry-based SBUs
Provide greater clarity on responsibilities & reporting lines
Strengthen
leadership accountability
Enable P&G people to accelerate growth & value creation
Empowered, Agile
and Accountable Organization and Culture
We must be, and are, willing to change anything and everything needed to win, including our organization design and culture. The only things we will not change are our Purpose, Values and Principles and our commitment to winning and delivering results.
Over the last few years we made several changes to our organization such as supplementing our internal talent with skilled, experienced external hiring, and improving category dedication and mastery. We’ve also given more end-to-end selling and supply responsibility to business units in large markets like the U.S. and China, and more freedom to operate within a framework in smaller markets.
We’ve learned a lot over the last two years while operating with this new approach and it’s contributing to stronger results, giving us the confidence to
move forward more broadly with changes to our organization structure.
On July 1, 2019, we began to operate through six industry- based Sector Business Units or SBUs: Fabric and Home Care, Baby and Feminine Care, Family Care and P&G Ventures, Beauty, Grooming, and Health Care. We manage our 10 product categories within these SBUs.
The SBUs have sales, profit, cash and value creation responsibility for our largest and most profitable markets, called Focus Markets — accounting for about 80% of Company sales and 90% of after-tax profit.
In each Focus Market, Market Operations works across the six SBUs on scaled market services and capabilities, including customer teams, transportation, warehousing, logistics and representing P&G externally.
The rest of the world is organized into Enterprise Markets — a separate unit with sales, profit and value creation responsibility. The SBUs provide innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks for the Enterprise Markets to deliver these mutually agreed business goals. Enterprise Markets are important to the future of P&G because of their attractive market growth rates, and the intent is to accelerate this growth and value creation. To be clear, we’re committed to winning everywhere we choose to compete across both Focus and Enterprise markets.
Supporting the SBUs, Market Operations and Enterprise Markets are key corporate resources focused on scaled services, governance, stewardship and areas requiring high mastery.
We see important benefits from these changes. There is more focus on the most important markets, and modestly faster growth in these markets will create significant value. Having dedicated Enterprise Market leaders closer to their markets, and giving them more freedom to operate, enables them to more quickly deal with challenges and take advantage of opportunities. And, we have a much simpler management structure and reporting lines.
This new structure enables a more empowered, agile and accountable organization to accelerate growth and value creation.

Citizenship Built into Business Results
We’ve built Citizenship into our business, and it’s not only doing good, it’s building trust and equity with consumers, and driving growth and value creation for shareholders — a force for good and a force for growth.
We continue to lead in each of our areas of Citizenship: Community Impact, Diversity & Inclusion, Gender Equality and Environmental Sustainability, all executed with a strong focus on Ethics & Corporate Responsibility.
In Community Impact, our Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program achieved its 2020 goal of providing more than 15 billion liters of clean water to communities in need and set a new goal to deliver 25 billion liters by 2025. And, year after year, P&G is there when disasters strike, working hand in hand with partners to deliver the comforts of home when people need them most.
The P&G Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program has achieved its 2020 goal of providing more than 15 billion liters of clean water to communities in need, and we've set a new goal to deliver 25 billion liters by 2025. Our retail partners are helping us engage consumers and bring the “1 product = 1 liter of clean water” campaign to shoppers around the world.
Through our Diversity & Inclusion and Gender Equality efforts, we’re using our reach and voice in advertising and media to promote equality, diversity and inclusion. Studies from the Association of National Advertisers’ #SeeHer initiative confirm that gender-equal ads perform 26% higher in sales growth, so it’s no surprise that some of P&G’s best-performing brands have the most gender-equal, diverse and inclusive campaigns, including SK-II, Olay, Tide, Dawn, Swiffer and Ariel.
In Environmental Sustainability, we aim to have a positive impact on the environment by promoting responsible supply and consumption through our
brands, supply chain, society and employees.
We recently made a new commitment to reduce use of virgin petroleum plastic in our packaging by 50% by 2030. We estimate this will avoid the use of more than 300,000 tons of virgin plastic.
Collaboration is key to driving transformative sustainability solutions. For example, we’ve helped start and have a leadership role in the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, which advances innovative solutions to end plastic waste in the environment, especially in the oceans. We also invested in and helped to promote Loop, a circular shopping platform where consumers can order their favorite products in durable, reusable packaging and return them to be cleaned and refilled again and again.
Everything we do is built on a strong foundation of Ethics & Corporate Responsibility — doing what’s right and being a good corporate citizen. This builds trust with consumers and stakeholders — trust that P&G’s products will deliver the value and quality our brands promise, and trust that P&G conducts business ethically, in compliance with the law and consistent with our Purpose, Values and Principles.
With our global reach, understanding of consumers, innovation, brands and supply chain, we have a unique ability to make a positive difference for
our consumers, our society and our world —
 and we can do so while delighting consumers and growing our business.
The Procter & Gamble Company • xiii

  xiv • The Procter & Gamble Company
Consistent and Sustainable Balanced Growth and Value Creation
We define winning as delivering consistent and sustainable balanced growth and value creation. We’re making real progress in our efforts to achieve this goal, but we still have work to do.
Next year, we expect to continue our positive momentum with organic sales growth of 3% to 4%, core earnings per share growth of 4% to 9% and 90% or better free cash flow productivity. This guidance range takes into account current market growth rates with a bias toward continued share growth. We also expect to pay over $7.5 billion in dividends and repurchase $6 to $8 billion of common shares.
Delivering these targets requires that we continue
to drive even more focus on our strategic choices
to win with consumers. The choices we’ve made
to establish and extend superiority of our brands;
to drive productivity savings to fund investments for growth and enhance our industry-leading margins;
to lead constructive disruption across the value chain; and to simplify our organization structure and increase accountability are making a positive difference in our results. Importantly, these choices are not independent strategies. They reinforce and build on each other
